Aberystwyth University	Aberystwyth
Anglia Ruskin University	Cambridge ...
Arts University Bournemouth	Poole
Aston University	Birmingham
Bangor University	Bangor
Bath Spa University	Bath
Birkbeck, University of London	London
Birmingham City University	Birmingham
Bishop Grosseteste University College Lincoln	Lincoln
Bournemouth University	Poole ...
Brunel University	Uxbridge
Bucks New University	High Wycombe
Canterbury Christ Church University	Canterbury ...
Cardiff Metropolitan University	Cardiff
Cardiff University	Cardiff
Central School of Speech & Drama	London
City University London	London
Coventry University	Coventry
Cranfield University	Cranfield ...
De Montfort University	Leicester ...
Durham University	Durham ...
Edge Hill University	Ormskirk ...
Edinburgh Napier University	Edinburgh
European School of Economics	London ...
Falmouth University	Falmouth
Glasgow Caledonian University	Glasgow
Glasgow School of Art	Glasgow
Glyndwr University	Wrexham ...
Goldsmiths, University of London	London
Harper Adams University College	Newport
Heriot-Watt University	Edinburgh ...
Heythrop College, University of London	London
Imperial College London	London
Keele University	Newcastle under Lyme
King's College London	London
Kingston University	Kingston upon Thames
Lancaster University	Lancaster
Leeds Beckett University	Leeds ...
Liverpool Hope University	Liverpool
Liverpool John Moores University	Liverpool
London Business School	London
London Metropolitan University	London
London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, University of London	London
London South Bank University	London ...
Loughborough University	Loughborough
Manchester Metropolitan University	Manchester ...
Middlesex University	London
Newcastle University	Newcastle upon Tyne
Northumbria University	Newcastle upon Tyne
Nottingham Trent University	Nottingham
Oxford Brookes University	Oxford
Plymouth University	Plymouth
Queen Margaret University	Edinburgh ...
Queen Mary, University of London	London
Queen's University Belfast	Belfast
Richmond, The American International University in London	London ...
Roehampton University	Roehampton
Royal Academy of Music, University of London	London
Royal Agricultural University	Cirencester
Royal College of Art	London
Royal College of Music	London
Royal Conservatoire of Scotland	Glasgow
Royal Holloway, University of London	Egham ...
Royal Veterinary College University of London	London ...
School of Advanced Study, University of London	London
School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London	London
Scotland’s Rural College	Edinburgh ...
Sheffield Hallam University	Sheffield
Southampton Solent University	Southampton
St George's, University of London	London
Staffordshire University	Stoke-on-Trent ...
Swansea University	Swansea
Teesside University	Middlesbrough
The Courtauld Institute of Art, University of London	London
The London School of Economics and Political Science	London
The Robert Gordon University	Aberdeen
The University of Buckingham	Buckingham
The University of Edinburgh	Edinburgh
The University of Hull	Hull ...
The University of Manchester	Manchester
The University of Northampton	Northampton
The University of Nottingham	Nottingham ...
The University of Sheffield	Sheffield
The University of Warwick	Coventry
The University of Winchester	Winchester
The University of York	York
University College Birmingham	Birmingham
University College London	London
University for the Creative Arts	Canterbury ...
University of Aberdeen	Aberdeen
University of Abertay Dundee	Dundee
University of Bath	Bath
University of Bedfordshire	Luton ...
University of Birmingham	Birmingham
University of Bolton	Bolton
University of Bradford	Bradford
University of Brighton	Brighton
University of Bristol	Bristol
University of Cambridge	Cambridge
University of Central Lancashire	Preston ...
University of Chester	Chester ...
University of Chichester	Chichester
University of Cumbria	Carlisle ...
University of Derby	Derby
University of Dundee	Dundee
University of East Anglia	Norwich
University of East London	London ...
University of Essex	Colchester ...
University of Exeter	Exeter
University of Glasgow	Glasgow
University of Gloucestershire	Cheltenham ...
University of Greenwich	Greenwich ...
University of Hertfordshire	Hatfield ...
University of Huddersfield	Huddersfield
University of Kent	Canterbury ...
University of Leeds	Leeds
University of Leicester	Leicester
University of Lincoln	Lincoln ...
University of Liverpool	Liverpool
University of London	London
University of Oxford	Oxford
University of Portsmouth	Portsmouth
University of Reading	Reading
University of Salford	Salford ...
University of South Wales	Pontypridd ...
University of Southampton	Southampton ...
University of St Andrews	St Andrews
University of Stirling	Stirling ...
University of Strathclyde	Glasgow
University of Sunderland	Sunderland
University of Surrey	Guildford
University of Sussex	Brighton
University of the Arts London	London ...
University of the West of England	Bristol
University of the West of Scotland	Paisley ...
University of Ulster	Coleraine
University of Wales	Cardiff ...
University of Wales Trinity Saint David	Carmarthen ...
University of West London	Ealing ...
University of Westminster	London
University of Wolverhampton	Wolverhampton
University of Worcester	Worcester
York St John University	York
